Hey, you stinky beggar is also worthy of the royal list
Can you read?
What's so confusing about this?
Food contest
Bud stole 100 taels of silver, I'm sure I guess
There was a famine last year
Food shortage this year
This food contest
Make with the most common ingredients
Take this material package.
Well, these ingredients are not fresh anymore.
If you don't do well, admit defeat
But you took the list
If you don't have the courage to participate
Even if you disrupt the competition, you will get a stick
Have you checked out the guarantee and didn't come to the competition?
Well, if not, I will declare
The game officially begins
Hey wait wait
And me. And me.
This is not the one in our village.
Take a bad luck of Calamity?
What about the elf, your eight characters are quite hard?
Still alive
It won't kill you
You shut your stinky mouth
No matter how smelly my mouth is, it doesn't stink as much as yours
Look at you stinky beggar
You really have the face to talk to the chef of Drunk Qianlou
The owner of Hongchun Building
And us
Chef Ge, who won the third sister's gourmet dishes
Come and despise cooking
Why don't we go back?
Wife, I'm not going back today
This champion?
I got it.